.TH OINT 1 "2026\-05\-03" "Open Integrations" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
oint \- Open Integrations CLI (OneScript integrations from the terminal)
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B oint
.RI [\| OPTIONS \| \&... \|]
.br
.B oint
.I library
.RI [\| METHOD \|]
.RI [\| OPTIONS \| \&... \|]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B oint
(OInt CLI) invokes Open Integrations
.RI (\(lqOPI\(rq)
library methods from the command line using OneScript beneath the launcher.
Specify an integration
.I library
name and a
.I METHOD
within that library, then optional flags and positional values for arguments.
Calling
.B oint
without a library, or calling a library without a method, or calling a method
without parameters, shows contextual help \(em similar to requesting detailed
topics with
\fB\-\-help\fR where applicable.

Full reference with examples lives on the documentation site listed under
\fBSEE ALSO\fR below.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-\-help
Show help for the current scope (whole program, selected library, or method).
Equivalent to invoking the matching level without arguments, where implemented.
.TP
.BR \-\-debug
Produce more verbose runtime diagnostics during execution.
.TP
.BR \-\-config\fR [\fIFILE\fR]
Additional invocation settings.
When given without a value, lists available extended\-call configuration keys.
.TP
.BR \-\-out\fR \fIFILE\fR
Write structured or binary command output (including binary payloads) to
.IR FILE .

.SH EXAMPLES
Show the top\-level launcher help:
.PP
.nf
.RS
.B oint
.RE
.fi

List methods for one library (substitute real library alias):
.PP
.nf
.RS
.B oint\fR \fIYourLibrary\fR
.RE
.fi

.SH SEE ALSO
Documentation and method references:
.br
\fIhttps://openintegrations.dev\fR
.PP
OneScript interpreter:
.br
\fBoscript\fR(1)

